[pwc]
Power Calculator extended Tcl commands

For more information on a specific command, type help command-name:
pwc_command        Power Calculator command commands
pwc_device         Power Calculator device command
pwc_parameters     Power Calculator parameters command
pwc_thermal        Power Calculator thermal command
pwc_settings       Power Calculator settings command
pwc_supply         Power Calculator supply command
pwc_logicblocks    Power Calculator logicblocks command
pwc_clocks         Power Calculator clocks command
pwc_inout          Power Calculator inout command
pwc_blockram       Power Calculator blockram command
pwc_dspblock       Power Calculator dspblock command
pwc_plldll         Power Calculator plldll command
pwc_maco           Power Calculator maco command
pwc_serdes         Power Calculator serdes command
pwc_mipidphy       Power Calculator mipi dphy command
pwc_writereport    Power Calculator writereport command
pwc_efb            Power Calculator efb command
pwc_misc           Power Calculator misc command
pwc_power          Power Calculator power control command
pwc_esb            Power Calculator esb control command



[pwc_command]
pwc_command        Power Calculator command command

pwc_command open -project <project file>
	Open project file.

	Input: String
		project file - project file name.

	Output: String
		project file name.

pwc_command save -project <project file>
	Save project file.

	Input: String
		project file - project file name.

	Output: String
		project file name.

pwc_command new  -project <project file> [-ncd <ncd file>]
	Create new project.

	Input: String
		project file - project file name.
		ncd file - NCD file name. Only support in standalone mode.

	Output: String
		project file name.

pwc_command open  -vcd <vcd file> [-module <module name> [casesensitive|caseinsensitive]]
	Open vcd file.

	Input: String
		vcd file - vcd file name.
		module name - vcd file module name.
		casesensitive option: casesensitive or caseinsensitive. casesensitive is default.

	Output: String
		module name.

pwc_command open  -lpf <lpf file>
	Import lpf file to get bank vccio.

	Input: String
		lpf file - lpf file name.

	Output: String
		lpf file name.

pwc_command exit
	Exit program.


[pwc_device]
pwc_device      Power Calculator device command

pwc_device list
	List all device info.

	Output: List
		list value of family, device, package, performance, operation, and partname.

pwc_device list -family
	List current device family.

	Output: String
		current selected family value.

pwc_device list -device
	List current device.

	Output: String
		current selected device value.

pwc_device list -packagetype
	List current package.

	Output: String
		current selected package value.

pwc_device list -performance
	List current performance grade.

	Output: String
		current selected performance value.

pwc_device list -operatingconditions
	List current operating condition.

	Output: String
		current selected operating condition value.

pwc_device list -partnames
	List current part name.

	Output: String
		current selected partname value.

pwc_device set  -family [<value>]
	Set device family.

	Input: String
		value - family.

	Output: String
		family.

pwc_device set  -device [<value>]
	Set device.

	Input: String
		value - device.

	Output: String
		device.

pwc_device set  -packagetype [<value>]
	Set package.

	Input: String
		value - package.

	Output: String
		package.

pwc_device set  -performance [<value>]
	Set performance grade.

	Input: String
		value - performance.

	Output: String
		performance.

pwc_device set  -operatingconditions [<value>]
	Set operating condition.

	Input: String
		value - operating condition.

	Output: String
		operating condition.

pwc_device set  -partnames [<value>]
	Set part name.

	Input: String
		value - part name.

	Output: String
		part name.

[pwc_parameters]
pwc_parameters      Power Calculator parameters command

pwc_parameters set    -process [<value>]
	Set device power process type.

	Input: String
		value - process type.

	Output: String
		process type.

pwc_parameters set    -powermode [<value>]
	Set device power mode.

	Input: String
		value - power mode.

	Output: String
		power mode.

[pwc_thermal]
pwc_thermal      Power Calculator thermal command

pwc_thermal list
	List all thermal settings.

	Output: List
		Value list of Ambient Temperature, Effective Theta-JA, Junction Temperature and Maximun Safe Ambient.

pwc_thermal set  -userdefined [<theta-ja value>]
	Set user defined theta JA.

	Input: String
		theta-ja value - user defined theta-ja value.

	Output: String
		user defined theta-ja value.

pwc_thermal set  -board [<board type>]
	Set board type.

	Input: String
		board type - board type value.

	Output: String
		board type value.

pwc_thermal set  -heatsink [<heatsink type>]
	Set heatsink type.

	Input: String
		heatsink type - heatsink type value.

	Output: String
		heatsink type value.

pwc_thermal set  -airflow [<value>]
	Set airflow value.

	Input: String
		value - airflow value.

	Output: String
		airflow value.

pwc_thermal set  -ambient [<value>]
	Set Ambient Temperature value.

	Input: String
		value - ambient value.

	Output: String
		ambient value.

pwc_thermal set  -board <board type> -heatsink <heatsink type> -airflow <airflow value>
	Set thermal settings.

	Input: String
		board type - board type value.
		heatsink type - heatsink type value.
		airflow value - airflow value.

	Output: List
		Value list of board type, heatsink type and airflow value.

pwc_thermal set  -board <board type> -heatsink <custom heatsink value>
	Set thermal settings with custom heatsink value.

	Input: String
		board type - board type value.
		heatsink type - custom heatsink value.

	Output: List
		Value list of board type, custom heatsink value.


[pwc_settings]
pwc_settings      Power Calculator settings command

pwc_settings list
	List all settings.

	Output: List
		Value list of default frequency, default AF, twr option and estimated routing option.

pwc_settings set  -af [<value>]
	Set default activity factor.

	Input: String
		value - default AF value.

	Output: String
		default AF value.

pwc_settings set  -freq [<value>]
	Set default frequency.

	Input: String
		value - default frequency value.

	Output: String
		default frequency value.

pwc_settings set  -freqtwr <file>
	Set twr file for frequency.

	Input: String
		file - twr file name.

	Output: String
		twr file name.

pwc_settings set  -freq <value> -freqtwr <file>
	Set default frequency and twr file for frequency.

	Input: String
		value - default frequency value.
		file - twr file name.

	Output: String
		default frequency value and twr file name.


pwc_settings set  -freqtwropt [min|pref|trace]
	Set twr file options.

	Input: String
		twr frequency option.

	Output: String
		twr frequency option.


pwc_settings set  -estrouting [low|medium|high]
	Set estimated routing option.

	Input: String
		estimated routing option.

	Output: String
		estimated routing option.


[pwc_supply]
pwc_supply        Power Calculator supply command

pwc_supply list
	List all power supplies.

	Output: List
		A list of supported supply type, voltage value and multiplication factor.

pwc_supply set  -type <supply value> -mult <multiplication> -voltage <voltage value>
	Set multiplication factor and voltage of named power supply.

	Input: String
		supply value - supply type value.
		multiplication - multiplication value.
		voltage value - voltage value.
	Output: List
		A value list of supply, voltage and multiplication value.
		
pwc_supply set  -type <supply value> -mult [<multiplication>]
	Set multiplication factor of named power supply.

	Input: String
		supply value - supply type value.
		multiplication - multiplication value.
	Output: List
		A value list of supply and multiplication value.

pwc_supply set  -type <supply value> -voltage [<voltage value>]
	Set voltage of named power supply.

	Input: String
		supply value - supply type value.
		voltage value - voltage value.
	Output: List
		A value list of supply and voltage value.

[pwc_logicblocks]
pwc_logicblocks       Power Calculator logicblocks command

pwc_logicblocks list
	List all logic blocks.

	Output: List
		A list of the rows in logic block table.

pwc_logicblocks add     [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                        [-logicluts <value>] [-distram <value>] [-rippleslices <value>]
                        [-registers <value>]
	Add logic block row.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in logic table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_logicblocks remove  [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                        [-logicluts <value>] [-distram <value>] [-rippleslices <value>]
                        [-registers <value>]
	Remove logic block row.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in logic table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

	

[pwc_clocks]
pwc_clocks       Power Calculator clocks command

pwc_clocks list
	List all clocks.

	Output: List
		A list of the rows in clock table.

pwc_clocks add       [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>]
	Add clock.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in clock table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_clocks remove    [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>]
	Remove clock.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in clock table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

[pwc_inout]
pwc_inout       Power Calculator inout command

pwc_inout list
	List all the rows in inputs/outputs table, bidi table, bank voltage table and termination table.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in inputs/outputs table, bidi table, bank voltage table and termination table.

pwc_inout list     -io
	List all the rows in inputs/outputs table.

	Output: List
		A list of all the rows in inputs/outputs table.

pwc_inout add      -io [-clockname <value>] [-type <value>] [-ioregistermode <value>]
                       [-freq <value>] [-af <value>] [-ip <value>]
                       [-op <value>] [-cload <value>] [-bank <value>] [-pg <value>]
	Add I/O.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in inputs/outputs table.
		-pg is for specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_inout remove   -io [-clockname <value>] [-type <value>] [-ioregistermode <value>]
                       [-freq <value>] [-af <value>] [-ip <value>]
                       [-op <value>] [-cload <value>] [-bank <value>] [-pg <value>]
	Remove I/O.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in inputs/outputs table.
		-pg is for specfic device family only.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_inout list     -bidir
	List all bi-directional I/Os.

	Output: List
		A list of all the rows in bi-directional I/Os table.

pwc_inout add      -bidir [-clockinputname <value>] [-type <value>]
                          [-ioregistermode <value>] [-inputfreq <value>]
                          [-inputaf <value>] [-bidi <value>] [-clockoutputname <value>]
                          [-outputfreq <value>] [-outputaf <value>] [-dutycycle <value>] 
                          [-cload <value>] [-bank <value>] [-pg <value>]
	Add bi-directional I/O.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in bi-directional I/Os table.
		-pg is for specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_inout remove   -bidir [-clockinputname <value>] [-type <value>]
                          [-ioregistermode <value>] [-inputfreq <value>]
                          [-inputaf <value>] [-bidi <value>] [-clockoutputname <value>]
                          [-outputfreq <value>] [-outputaf <value>] [-dutycycle <value>] 
                          [-cload <value>] [-bank <value>] [-pg <value>]
	Remove bi-directional I/O.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in bi-directional I/Os table.
		-pg is for specfic device family only.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_inout list     -bank
	List all bank voltages.

	Output: List
		A list of all the rows in bank voltage table.

pwc_inout set  -bank <bank id> -inrdshutoff|-lvdsoshutoff|-slewrate [<value>]
	Set InRD Shut-off, LVDSO Shut-off or Slewrate for bank. InRD, LVDSO and Slewrate are for specific device family only.

	Input: String
		bank id - bank No.
		value - The value set for Allow InRD Shut-off, Allow LVDSO Shut-off or Slewrate, No or Yes.

	Output: String
		The value set.

pwc_inout list     -term
	List all termination resistances and voltages.

	Output: List
		A list of all the rows in termination table.

[pwc_blockram]
pwc_blockram       Power Calculator blockram command

pwc_blockram list
	List all block ram tables.

	Output: List
		A list of all the rows in single port ram table, dual port ram table, dual port true table and fifodc table.
		
pwc_blockram list    -spram
	List all single port rams.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in single port ram table.

pwc_blockram add     -spram [-clockname <value>] [-ebrblocks <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
	Add single port ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in single port ram table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_blockram remove  -spram [-clockname <value>] [-ebrblocks <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
	Remove single port ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in single port ram table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_blockram list    -dpram
	List all dual port rams.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in dual port ram table.

pwc_blockram add     -dpram [-rdclockname <value>] [-rdclkfreq <value>] [-rdaf <value>]
                            [-ebrblocks <value>] [-wrclockname <value>] [-wrclkfreq <value>]
                            [-wraf <value>]
	Add dual port ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dual port ram table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_blockram remove  -dpram [-rdclockname <value>] [-rdclkfreq <value>] [-rdaf <value>]
                            [-ebrblocks <value>] [-wrclockname <value>] [-wrclkfreq <value>]
                            [-wraf <value>]
	Remove all dual port ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dual port ram table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_blockram list    -dpramtrue
	List all dual port true rams.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in dual port true ram table.

pwc_blockram add     -dpramtrue [-clockaname <value>] [-clkafreq <value>] [-clkaaf <value>]
                                [-ebrblocks <value>] [-clockbname <value>] [-clkbfreq <value>]
                                [-clkbaf <value>]
	Add dual port true ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dual port true ram table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_blockram remove  -dpramtrue [-clockaname <value>] [-clkafreq <value>] [-clkaaf <value>]
                                [-ebrblocks <value>] [-clockbname <value>] [-clkbfreq <value>]
                                [-clkbaf <value>]
	Remove dual port true ram.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dual port true ram table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_blockram list    -fifodc
	List all fifodc.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in fifodc table.

pwc_blockram add     -fifodc [-rdclockname <value>] [-outputregistersrd <value>]
                             [-rdclkfreq <value>] [-rdaf <value>]
                             [-ebrblocks <value>] [-wrclockname <value>]
                             [-outputregisterswr <value>] [-wrclkfreq <value> [-wraf <value>]
	Add FIFO DC.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in fifidc table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_blockram remove  -fifodc [-rdclockname <value>] [-outputregistersrd <value>]
                             [-rdclkfreq <value>] [-rdaf <value>]
                             [-ebrblocks <value>] [-wrclockname <value>]
                             [-outputregisterswr <value>] [-wrclkfreq <value> [-wraf <value>]
	Remove FIFO DC.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in fifodc table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_dspblock]
pwc_dspblock      Power Calculator dspblock command

pwc_dspblock list
	List all DSP blocks.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in dsp table(s).

pwc_dspblock add     [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>] [-type <value>] [-dsp <vaue>]
	Add DSP block.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in dsp table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_dspblock remove  [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>] [-type <value>] [-dsp <vaue>]
	Remove DSP block.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in dsp table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_plldll]
pwc_plldll        Power Calculator plldll command

pwc_plldll list
	List all PLL, DLL, DQSDLL, DQS, DLLDEL, DDRDLL tables.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in PLL, DLL, DQSDLL, DQS, DDRDLL and DLLDEL table.

pwc_plldll list   -pll
	List all PLLs.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in PLL table.

pwc_plldll add    -pll [-outputclockname <value>] [-inputfreq <value>]
                       [-n <value>] [-v <value>] [-m <value>] [-pll <value>] [-pllid <value>]
	Add PLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in PLL table. -pllid is for specific device family only.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -pll [-outputclockname <value>] [-inputfreq <value>]
                       [-n <value>] [-v <value>] [-m <value>] [-pll <value>] [-pllid <value>]
	Remove PLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in PLL table. -pllid is for specific device family only.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_plldll list   -dll
	List all DLLs.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in DLL table.

pwc_plldll add    -dll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dll <value>]
	Add DLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DLL table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -dll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dll <value>]
	Remove DLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DLL table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_plldll list   -dqsdll
	List all DQSDLLs.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in DQSDLL table.

pwc_plldll add    -dqsdll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dqsdll <value>]
	Add DQSDLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DQSDLL table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -dqsdll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dqsdll <value>]
	Remove DQSDLL.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DQSDLL table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_plldll list   -ddrdll
	List all DDRDLLs. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in DDRDLL table.

pwc_plldll add    -ddrdll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-ddrdllid] [-allowstandby <value>]
	Add DDRDLL. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DDRDLL table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -ddrdll [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-ddrdllid] [-allowstandby <value>]
	Remove DDRDLL. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DDRDLL table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.
		
pwc_plldll list   -dqs
	List all DQS. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in DQS table.

pwc_plldll add    -dqs [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dqs <value>]
	Add DQS. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DQS table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -dqs [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dqs <value>]
	Remove DQS. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DQS table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_plldll list   -dlldel
	List all DLLDEL. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in DLLDEL table.

pwc_plldll add    -dlldel [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dlldel <value>]
	Add DLLDEL. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DLLDEL table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_plldll remove -dlldel [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-dlldel <value>]
	Remove DLLDEL. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in DLLDEL table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_maco]
pwc_maco        Power Calculator maco command for SCM device

pwc_maco list
	List all MACO.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in maco table.

pwc_maco add    [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                [-type <value>] [-maco <value>]
	Add MACO for SCM device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in maco table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.


pwc_maco remove [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                [-type <value>] [-maco <value>]
	Remove MACO for SCM device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in maco table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_serdes]
pwc_serdes        Power Calculator serdes command

pwc_serdes list
	List all serdes.
	Output: List
		List of all the rows in serdes table.

pwc_serdes add -pcs [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-channels <value>]
                  [-gearingratio <value>] [-txpreemphasis <value>]
	Add SERDES for SC/SCM device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_serdes add -pcs [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-channels <value>]
                  [-mode <value>]
	Add SERDES for ECP3/ECP2M/ECP2MS device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_serdes add -pcs [-dualchannel <value>] [-mode <value>] [-receivemaxdatarate <value>] [-rxrate <value>]
                    [-txmaxdatarate <value>] [-txrate <value>] [-differentialamplitude <value>]
                    [-outputtermination <value>] [-deemphasisprecursorselect <value>] [-deemphasispostcursorselect <value>]
                    [-receivelossofsignalport <value>]
	Add SERDES for ECP5UM device.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_serdes add -aux [-dual <value>] [-txpll <value>] 
	Add SERDES AUX for ECP5UM device.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in serdes aux table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.
		
pwc_serdes remove [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-channels <value>]
                  [-gearingratio <value>] [-txpreemphasis <value>]
	Remove SERDES for SC/SCM device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_serdes remove [-clockname <name>] [-freq <value>] [-channels <value>]
                  [-mode <value>]
	Remove SERDES for ECP3/ECP2M/ECP2MS device.

	Input: String
		name - clock name.
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_serdes remove -pcs [-dualchannel <value>] [-mode <value>] [-receivemaxdatarate <value>] [-rxrate <value>]
                    [-txmaxdatarate <value>] [-txrate <value>] [-differentialamplitude <value>]
                    [-outputtermination <value>] [-deemphasisprecursorselect <value>] [-deemphasispostcursorselect <value>]
                    [-receivelossofsignalport <value>]
	Remove SERDES for ECP5UM device.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in serdes table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_serdes remove -aux [-dual <value>] [-txpll <value>] 
	Remove SERDES AUX for ECP5UM device.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in serdes aux table.

	Output: List
		The number of rows removed.

[pwc_writereport]
pwc_writereport     Power Calculator writereport command

pwc_writereport txt  -file <file name>
	Generate text report to file.

	Input: String
		file name - text report file name.

	Output: String
		text report file name.

pwc_writereport html -file <file name>
	Generate HTML report to file.

	Input: String
		file name - html report file name.

	Output: String
		html report file name.

[pwc_efb]
pwc_efb        Power Calculator efb command. For specfic device family only.

pwc_efb list
	List I2C1, I2C2, SPI, TC, UFM, CFG and WISHBONE in EFB. 

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in I2C1, I2C2, SPI, TC, UFM, CFG and WISHBONE table.

pwc_efb list -i2c1
	List I2C1. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in I2C1 table.

pwc_efb add  -i2c1
	Add I2C1. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in I2C1 table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -i2c1
	Remove I2C1. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in I2C1 table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -i2c2
	List I2C2. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in I2C2 table.

pwc_efb add  -i2c2
	Add I2C2. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in I2C2 table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -i2c2
	Remove I2C2. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in I2C2 table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -spi
	List SPI. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in SPI table.

pwc_efb add  -spi
	Add SPI. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in SPI table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -spi
	Remove SPI. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in SPI table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -tc
	List TC. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in TC table.

pwc_efb add  -tc
	Add TC. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in TC table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -tc
	Remove TC. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in TC table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -ufm
	List UFM. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in UFM table.

pwc_efb add  -ufm
	Add UFM. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in UFM table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -ufm
	Remove UFM. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in UFM table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -cfg
	List CFG. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in CFG table.

pwc_efb add  -cfg
	Add CFG. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in CFG table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -cfg
	Remove CFG. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in CFG table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_efb list -wishbone
	List WISHBONE. For specfic device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in WISHBONE table.

pwc_efb add  -wishbone
	Add WISHBONE. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in WISHBONE table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_efb remove -wishbone
	Remove WISHBONE. For specfic device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in I2C1 table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_misc]
pwc_misc        Power Calculator misc command. Available for specific family.

pwc_misc list
	List MCLK, POR, BANDGAP, SED, I2C and UFM table. Available for specific family.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in MCLK, POR, BANDGAP, SED, DTR and I2C table.

pwc_misc list   -mclk
	List all MCLK. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in MCLK table.

pwc_misc set   -mclk [-allowstandby <value>] [-mclkfreq <mclk freq>] [-sedfreq <sedfreq>]
	Set standby, mclk frequency and sed frequency of MCLK. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - allow standby, No or Yes.
		mclk freq - mclk frequency.
		sedfreq - sed frequency.

	Output: list
		List of values in MCLK table.

pwc_misc list   -por
	List all POR. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in POR table.

pwc_misc set   -por -allowstandby [<value>]
	Set standby of POR. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - allow standby, No or Yes.

	Output: String
		Standby value.

pwc_misc list   -bandgap
	List all BANDGAP. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in BANDGAP table.

pwc_misc set   -bandgap -allowstandby [<value>]
	Set standby of BANDGAP. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - allow standby, No or Yes.

	Output: String
		Standby value.

pwc_misc list   -sed
	List all SED. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in SED table.

pwc_misc list   -i2c
	List all I2C. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in I2C table.

pwc_misc list   -ufm
	List all UFM. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in UFM table.

pwc_misc add   -sed [-mode <mode value>] [-status <status value>]
	Add SED. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		mode value - SED mode, SEDFA, SEDFB or SEDFC.
		status value - SED enable, Enabled or Disabled.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc remove -sed [-mode <mode value>] [-status <status value>]
	Remove SED. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		mode value - SED mode, SEDFA, SEDFB or SEDFC.
		status value - SED enable, Enabled or Disabled.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

pwc_misc add   -dtr [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                    [-dtr <value>]
	Add DTR. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dtr table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc remove -dtr [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                     [-dtr <value>]
	Remove DTR. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in dtr table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc add   -i2c [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                    [-i2c <value>]
	Add I2C. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in i2c table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc remove -i2c [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                     [-i2c <value>]
	Remove I2C. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in i2c table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc add   -ufm [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                    [-ufm <value>]
	Add UFM. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in ufm table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc remove -ufm [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-af <value>]
                     [-ufm <value>]
	Remove UFM. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in ufm table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.


pwc_misc add   -mclk [-allowstandby <value>] [-mclkfreq <value>] [-sedfreq <value>]
	Add MCLK. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in misc table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_misc remove -mclk [-allowstandby <value>] [-mclkfreq <value>] [-sedfreq <value>]
	Remove MCLK. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in misc table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.
		

[pwc_power]
pwc_power        Power Calculator power control command. For specific device family only.

pwc_power set  -standby [<-bandgap | -por | -osc | -pll <pll id> | -mipidphy <mipidphy id> > <Disable|Enable>]
		-dynamic [-bank <bank id> [<-inrd|-lvdso|-pg|-slewrate>  <Disable|Enable>]]

	Set standby and/or bank dynamic option.

	Input: string
		pll id - PLL id. Optional. XO2, XO3 and Platform Manager 2: 0 or 1.
		mipidphy id - MIPIDPHY id. For specific device family only.
		bank id - Bank id.

	Output: List
		A value list of standby option and/or dynamic bank option.
		The standby option value, Disable or Enable.


[pwc_mipidphy]
pwc_mipidphy       Power Calculator mipidphy command

pwc_mipidphy list
	List all mipidphy blocks.

	Output: List
		A list of the rows in mipidphy table.

pwc_mipidphy add     [-mipidphyid <value>] [-allowstandby <value>] [-mode <value>]
                        [-datarate <value>] [-af <value>]
	Add mipidphy row.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in mipidphy table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_mipidphy remove  [-mipidphyid <value>] [-allowstandby <value>] [-mode <value>]
                        [-datarate <value>] [-af <value>]
	Remove mipidphy row.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in mipidphy table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.


[pwc_esb]
pwc_esb        Power Calculator esb command

pwc_esb list
	List ESB tables.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in ESB table.

pwc_esb list   -esb
	List all ESB. For specific device family only.

	Output: List
		List of all the rows in ESB table.

pwc_esb add    -esb [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-esb <value>]
	Add ESB. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in ESB table.

	Output: List
		A value list of added row.

pwc_esb remove -esb [-clockname <value>] [-freq <value>] [-esb <value>]
	Remove ESB. For specific device family only.

	Input: String
		value - the value of each key in ESB table.

	Output: String
		The number of rows removed.

